Release Notes

Version 1.0

1.	This is the first release with a limited message categories implemented so far. Each new release will be implemented additional categories (those planned already included in SW, but disabled). It is planned that in the next release the documentation will also be updated to keep detailed track of the implemented vs. planned functionality.
2.	Currently there is a significant drop of the messages as I do not check the total size of the received buffer returned from sock.Receive… against the total size of an individual ASTERIX message, resulting in only one message being extracted from each return of sock.Receive…. This, for sure, will get fixed in the next release. 

Version 1.1

1.	So far the application can detect the presence of the following messages and its associated data items:
		CAT 001, 002, 008 034, 048, 062, 063, 065

2.	So far the following data item decoders are implemented:

CAT01
		020 Target Report Descriptor
		040 Measured Position in Polar Coordinates
		070 Mode-3/A Code in Octal Representation
		090 Mode-C Code in Binary Representation
CAT48

		020 Target Report Descriptor
		040 Measured Position in Slant Polar Coordinates
		070 Mode-3/A Code in Octal Representation
		090 Flight Level in Binary Representation

3.	This version also fixes the original issue of dropped messages in the case a data block contains more than one message.

Version 1.2

1.	This release implements Plot/Track display functionality that enables user to see the see plots/tracks in either real time or to buffer the data and display all the received plots/tracks reports. In addition to that it enables you to use filter (By SSR code), so that only specific aircrafts are displayed. Lastly the display update rate can be controlled as well. Currently the application is hard coded to use Google maps, but any other internet map provider can be used. Further updates will include more user friendly versions. The map zoom is controlled using mouse middle button. 

Version 1.3

1.	Added possibility to use custom built maps and/or overlays consisting of:

	a.	State Borders
	b.	Sector Borders
	c.	Waypoints
	d.	Radars 

2. Added Flight Level Filter
3. Improved display by adding automatic resizing of the display.
4. Added display configuration functionality that lets you choose display attributes (Color, size, line type .etc) for all display elements. Please see the user manual for detailes.
5. Added track/plot count display (the number of acquired plots/tracks since last update cycle


Version 1.3.1

1. Fixed an issue that caused the main thread (process) not to terminate after application is closed. 

2. Fixed an issue that could cause an exception doe to the Data Display Timer trying to use uninitialised 
   resource when application is not able to read in the configuration data within 500ms. Possible on slow PC-s.

3. Updated documentation to indicate that it is necessary to make sure that machine where software is running (WIN OS) 
   localisation is set to English U.S. The software uses .NET libraries (ie. double.Parse) that depend on localisation.
   In the case it is not set correctly the software is not able to correctly parse configuration files located in the C:\ASTERIX\ADAPTATION directory.

PLANS FOR FUTURE UPDATES: 

Version 1.4

1. Support for CAT062. To be able to decode CAT062 that will enable the application to be used as data display from a tracker provided data (i.e. ARTAS)

Version 1.5

1. Improve display to be able to manupulate the lables (move it and make it interactive, ex: be able to enter CFL, ADES, etc..)


Amer Kapetanovic (akapetanovic@gmail.com)